---
title: "This is not ready"
headerImage: 'https://unsplash.imgix.net/photo-1422513391413-ddd4f2ce3340?q=75&fm=jpg&s=282e5978de17d6cd2280888d16f06f04'
---
I have always worked in offices. For most part, I’ve appreciated the benefits of being at the same physical location as the rest of your team. But this winter has forced me to work from home quite a bit and it has been quite an eye-opener.

When I started working from the couch, I thought I would have trouble keeping focused with all the distractions around me. I thought it would be hard to keep the dicipline. I had made sure to load up a bunch of tasks that I could take care of without interacting too much with my team, but still my expectations were pretty low.

I was surprised to find that the days just flew by, and I felt really productive. Apparently I didn’t suck as much at concentrating as I did when I was trying to write my thesis. And with no one there to pull me into meetings, ask questions or just talk loudly I could really focus on what I was supposed to do.

When I came back it became more obvious that I wasn’t as productive at work as I was at home. Of course, I’m not the first to experience this (I bought Rework when it came out). And I still think there is a lot of benefits to working in an office. Getting a lot of work done is not one of them though.

I thought it shouldn’t be impossible to change that so I gave it some thought and I realised that it in order to reduce distractions, we would have to have some formal guidelines in place. I call it “The Zone”.
